README.md, before:

# Appointments +

## Install
You need nodejs + npm installed
- `npm install`

## Branches
- `development`: Use this branch to develop things
- `master`: Merge `development` into this one when a new version is ready
- `wporg-master`: Use this one to release Appointments Lite but do not change things here, just merge into this branch.

**IMPORTANT**: Never, ever, ever, merge `wporg-master` into `development` or `master`.
Always use `development` to develop things and then merge this one into `wporg-master`.

The difference between `wporg-master` and the rest is the folder `includes/pro`. Due to Git limitations,
whenever `development` or `master` are merged into `wporg-master`, this folder could appear again in `wporg-master`
which is bad because is important that this folder is not released along with Appointments Lite.

## How to release pro and free versions then?
- Once you have your `development` branch ready, merge into `master` and also in `wporg-master`
- Now execute `grunt build` in `master` and `wporg-master`. zip files will be generated in `build` folder
- Notice that `wporg-master` won't include `pro` folder in the build. You just need these files for SVN WordPress repository.

## What's the deal with pro folder?
The `pro` folder is code that is exclusive for WPMU DEV version. The `pro` folder must always extend the Lite version with WordPress hooks.
This way, you won't need to check differences between both versions and workflow is easier:
- Work on `development`
- Merge into `master` and build
- Merge master into `wporg-master` and remove `pro` folder if it appears again. Then build
- Copy what's inside the build folder to wp.org SVN repo.
- Make sure that free version plugin name is Appointments Lite
- Release both versions.

## Unit Tests
All tests are under `tests` folder. It's a good idea to add a test for any refactoring task or for any bug found that you fix. Unit Testing is not always possible but try it.
In order to execute tests you'll need to install PHP Unit and MySQL + PHP installed and running. A Vagrant like Varying Vagrant Vagrant box would be the best way to execute the tests
 
* Execute the script that will download the latest WordPress version and the WordPress Unit Tests Bootstrap `./bin/install-wp-tests.sh [database_name] [database_user] [database_password] localhost latest` 
 
* Execute all tests by using `phpunit` or execute a group tests by using `phpunit --group [group-name]` for example `phpunit --group timetables`

Commit message:

Added Webpack to compress JS files

README.md, after:

# Appointments +

## Install
You need nodejs + npm installed
- `npm install`

## What does do this install?
- Install npm dependencies
- Install Bower dependencies
- Executes Webpack for the first time

## npm tasks
Everything (except unit tests) should be handled by npm. Note that you don't need to interact with Grunt in a direct way.
- **`npm run watch`**: Start watching JS files. At the moment not all JS files are watched. Continue reading for more information.
- **`npm run build`**: Run the build process. This is generate po files, compress JS files (with Webpack) and compress the plugin zip among some other little tasks made by Grunt.

## JavaScript
At this moment **only shortcodes JS files are managed by Webpack**

`webpack.config.js` includes the setup to watch and process JS files.

Run `npm run watch` to start watching files. You only need to modify `.dev.js` files and Webpack will do the rest by processing them in `.js`.

For instance: `includes/shortcodes/js/app-confirmation.dev.js` will be processed to `includes/shortcodes/js/app-confirmation.js` automatically when Webpack is watching.

### JavaScript Source Maps
Webpack always compress files so it's impossible to debug. Fortunately Webpack will generate source maps for you as `.js.map` files.

If you need to set a breakpoint by using browser developer tools do not search the loaded file but instead search for `webpack://` source. You should see the development version of the script listed there. Now you can set breakpoints in there.

## Branches
- `development`: Use this branch to develop things
- `master`: Merge `development` into this one when a new version is ready
- `wporg-master`: Use this one to release Appointments Lite but do not change things here, just merge into this branch.

**IMPORTANT**: Never, ever, ever, merge `wporg-master` into `development` or `master`.
Always use `development` to develop things and then merge this one into `wporg-master`.

The difference between `wporg-master` and the rest is the folder `includes/pro`. Due to Git limitations,
whenever `development` or `master` are merged into `wporg-master`, this folder could appear again in `wporg-master`
which is bad because is important that this folder is not released along with Appointments Lite.

## How to release pro and free versions then?
- Once you have your `development` branch ready, merge into `master` and also in `wporg-master`
- Now execute `npm run build` in `master` and `wporg-master`. zip files will be generated in `build` folder
- Notice that `wporg-master` won't include `pro` folder in the build. You just need these files for SVN WordPress repository.

## What's the deal with pro folder?
The `pro` folder is code that is exclusive for WPMU DEV version. The `pro` folder must always extend the Lite version with WordPress hooks.
This way, you won't need to check differences between both versions and workflow is easier:
- Work on `development`
- Merge into `master` and build
- Merge master into `wporg-master` and remove `pro` folder if it appears again. Then build
- Copy what's inside the build folder to wp.org SVN repo.
- Make sure that free version plugin name is Appointments Lite
- Release both versions.

## Unit Tests
All tests are under `tests` folder. It's a good idea to add a test for any refactoring task or for any bug found that you fix. Unit Testing is not always possible but try it.
In order to execute tests you'll need to install PHP Unit and MySQL + PHP installed and running. A Vagrant like Varying Vagrant Vagrant box would be the best way to execute the tests
 
* Execute the script that will download the latest WordPress version and the WordPress Unit Tests Bootstrap `./bin/install-wp-tests.sh [database_name] [database_user] [database_password] localhost latest` 
 
* Execute all tests by using `phpunit` or execute a group tests by using `phpunit --group [group-name]` for example `phpunit --group timetables`
